Standard SASS Architecture https://www.sitepoint.com/architecture-sass-project/

sass/
|
|– base/
|   |– _reset.scss       # Reset/normalize
|   |– _typography.scss  # Typography rules
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|– components/
|   |– _buttons.scss     # Buttons
|   |– _carousel.scss    # Carousel
|   |– _cover.scss       # Cover
|   |– _dropdown.scss    # Dropdown
|   |– _navigation.scss  # Navigation
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|– helpers/
|   |– _variables.scss   # Sass Variables
|   |– _functions.scss   # Sass Functions
|   |– _mixins.scss      # Sass Mixins
|   |– _helpers.scss     # Class & placeholders helpers
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|– layout/
|   |– _grid.scss        # Grid system
|   |– _header.scss      # Header
|   |– _footer.scss      # Footer
|   |– _sidebar.scss     # Sidebar
|   |– _forms.scss       # Forms
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|– pages/
|   |– _home.scss        # Home specific styles
|   |– _contact.scss     # Contact specific styles
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|– themes/
|   |– _theme.scss       # Default theme
|   |– _admin.scss       # Admin theme
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|– vendors/
|   |– _bootstrap.scss   # Bootstrap
|   |– _jquery-ui.scss   # jQuery UI
|   ...                  # Etc…
|
|
`– main.scss             # primary Sass file


Base
The base/ folder holds what we might call the boilerplate stuff for your project. In there, you might find the reset
(or Normalize.css, or whatever), probably some stuff dealing with typography, and, depending on the project, maybe
some other files.

Helpers
The helpers/ folder (sometimes called utils/) gathers all Sass tools and helpers we’ll use across the project.
Got a function? A mixin? Put it in there. This folder also contains a _variables.scss file (sometimes _config.scss)
which holds all global variables for the project (for typography, color schemes, and so on).

Layout
The layout/ directory (sometimes called partials/) usually contains a number of files, each of them setting some styles
for the main sections of the layout (header, footer, and so on). It also contains the _grid file which is the grid
system used to build the layout.

Having the navigation file (_navigation.scss) in this folder could make sense although I use to put it in components/
(see next section). I think it would be better in the /layout folder but I’ll let you decide.

Components
For smaller components, there is the components/ folder (frequently called modules/). While layout/ is kind of macro
(defining the global wireframe), components/ is more micro. It can contain all kinds of specific modules like a slider,
a loader, a widget, or anything along those lines. There are usually a lot of files in components/ since your site is
should be mostly composed of tiny modules.

Pages
If you have page-specific styles, I think it’s cool to put them in a pages/ folder and in a file named after the page.
For example, it’s not uncommon to have very specific styles for the home page, so you’d have a _home.scss file in
pages/ dealing with this.

Depending on your deployment process, those files could be called on their own to avoid merging them with the others
in the resulting stylesheet. It is really up to you. Where I work, we decided to make them not-partials in order to
include them only on pages requiring them. For example, our home page has a very specific layout, compiling to about
200 lines of CSS. To prevent those rules from being loaded on every page, we include this file only on the home page.

Themes
If you are working on a large site with multiple themes like I do, having a themes/ folder can make sense. You can
stuff all your theme/design related styles in there. This is definitely project-specific so be sure to include it
only if you feel the need.

Vendors
And last but not least, you will probably have a vendors/ folder containing all the CSS files from external libraries
and frameworks – Bootstrap, jQueryUI, FancyCarouselSliderjQueryPowered, and so on. Putting those aside in the same
folder is a good way to tell “Hey, this is not from me, not my code, not my responsibility”.